migrate oracle docs (#2715)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: docs/concepts/xrpl-sidechains/price-oracles.md

Reviewer: Why is this under "sidechains"? My understanding is that the price oracle functionality is intended for Mainnet.

There's not exactly an obvious category for it at the moment. Two pitches for where it _could_ go:

1. Into a new category for non-payment data—not sure exactly what to call it, maybe "Decentralized Storage"?—alongside Decentralized IDs (which are kind of a loose fit with the Accounts category they're currently in). The idea is this category would be for any "just shoving data into the blockchain so it's conveniently available" type features?
2. Into the "Decentralized Exchange" category, since at least in theory knowing the off-chain exchange rates between various asset pairs is relevant to on-chain trading even though the price oracles are not _directly_ integrated into the DEX.

Author: I'll open a separate PR with a new proposed concept folder for offchain data/decentralized storage topics.

# Price Oracles

_(Requires the [PriceOracle amendment][] {% not-enabled /%})_

Blockchains can't inherintly interact with and "know" what's happening off the network, but many of its use cases in decentralized finance require this information.

Price oracles solve this problem. An oracle is a service or technology that gathers real-world information, such as market prices, exchange rates, or interest rates, and relays it to the blockchain. Like blockchains, most oracles are also decentralized and validate data through multiple nodes.

{% admonition type="info" name="Note" %}

> Oracles aren't limited to only providing financial information. It can provide any type of info, such as what sports team won a game, or even the weather. The oracle implementation on the XRP Ledger, however, only gathers the price of assets.

Reviewer: Keep consistency of singular/plural here.

Also, to my understanding the Price Oracle features doesn't _gather_ the data, it only provides a format for recording and reporting the data. Third parties have to actually be the ones to gather it, so I suggest rephrasing slightly to avoid giving people the wrong impression of how the feature works.

```suggestion
Generally speaking, oracles aren't limited to only providing financial information. They can provide any type of info, such as what sports team won a game, or even the weather. The XRP Ledger's Price Oracle feature, however, is designed specifically for reporting the prices of assets.
```

{% /admonition %}

## How Oracles Works

Most oracle blockchain interactions work like this:

> 1. An oracle validates data on its network.

Reviewer: It's a little unclear what you mean by "on its network" here. What type of network are we talking about?

Author: Updated to specify decentralized oracle networks.

2. The data is sent to the blockchain.
3. The blockchain uses that information to execute a smart contract, such as releasing funds from an escrow.

This process can also work in reverse, pushing transaction information to external systems.

## Price Oracles on the XRP Ledger

XRPL price oracles are a native, on-chain oracle, enhancing the native DeFi functionality of the XRP Ledger. Off-chain price oracles send their data to XRPL oracles, which store that information on-chain. Decentralized apps can then query the XRPL oracles for price data; multiple XRPL oracles can be queried to minimize risk and inaccuracies.

By standardizing price feeds in this manner, all XRPL apps can access a dependable, shared data source.

> 

Reviewer: It would be nice to have the page link out to other related pages in case you want to learn more about specifically how the feature works after reading about it.

I would link all the new pages added in this PR, including the reference docs for the Oracle ledger entry type, OracleSet / OracleDelete transaction types, and the `get_aggregate_price` API method
